Hello and welcome to this new tutorial and also to this new code section because as you can see now
we're about to build the NBN part of the NBN iron model.
Indeed we're done with the classic creation of the iron.
You know we've just got at the end here the deterministic output by the iron and thanks to this dynamic
on function.
And now we're about to associate it with what we've created here meaning the matrix of wait up w and
The Wanted tensor biases output B to create this extra hidden layer which is exactly what we see here
or right here which are the Gaussian mixtures which will return as the caustic prediction of the output
side of the island.
And we're going to do this thanks to our five Gaussian mixtures.
Remember came X equals five because remember that creates basically five separate distributions of the
output as we can see here.
And so now what we're gonna do is first reshape that final deterministic output that we've just got
and which remember is a 3D tensor of 100 samples in a batch this correspond to the batch 1000 frames
in the sequence meaning a sequence of 1000 frames representing a part of an episode when we play the
game so that we can catch the time dependencies happening in these successive 1000 frames.
And for each of the 1000 frames we have this output vector of 256 elements which basically encode what's
happening inside the environment.
So you have to understand that the reason why we take these 1000 frames here is just to catch the time
related dependencies of some parts of the game and all these time related dependencies are besides encoded
by these vectors of 256 elements.
All right.
So this is the actual shape of our outputs and now we're about to reshape it because what we want to
do now is to as we mentioned before multiplied the output by the matrix of weight output W but in order
to do that since we're going to use that function g f does n n that x w plus B which will do a matrix
multiplication of X here which will be our output which will be at the left of the matrix multiplication
and the weight which will be at the right of the matrix multiplication plus the biases and therefore
since the actual shape of the matrix of weights output W is as we can see so I'm going to execute this
is as we can see 256 by 480 so 480 corresponds to that and out number here which is the multiplication
of out with that K mix the three.
So basically it has two hundred and fifty six lines and 480 columns and therefore since we're multiplying
the output by the left to that matrix of weights output w well therefore we need to flatten the output
so that it has 256 columns which will be multiplied by the 256 rows of the matrix of weight output W
and therefore what we're going to do right now since we have one hundred samples of 1000 frames each
one being encoded by a vector of 256 elements which is I remind on in size Well what we're gonna do
is flatten all this.
Basically we're going to take each of the 100 times 1000 vectors of 256 elements and gather all of them
in one same huge to do tensor where we're going to have 100 times 1000 rows and 256 columns and these
256 guns will then be able to be multiplied to the 256 rows of the matrix of weights output w 2 which
then we're going to add the basis.
So let's do this the way we're going to do this is thanks to the reshape function by tensor flow which
we've already used for our v e and so since we're about to modify the output well I'm going to reintroduce
this output variable and now I'm going to modify it by first called intensive flow to f from which we're
going to get that reshape function and to which we're going to input first what we want to reshape the
tensor we want to reshape which is of course so far are 3D sensor outputs.
So here we go.
That's what we want to reshape and then we have to specify in square brackets the format of how we want
to reshape it.
And the trick to flatten basically we're flattening these two dimensions here you know by gathering
in one same dimension these 100 samples of the batch times 1000 frames of the sequence length.
And the trick to do that is by you know adding a minus one here which will basically gather in one same
dimension the first two dimensions and to specify that what's one together in you know that merge of
the dimensions are those two hundred and fifty six elements of each of the vectors of each of the 1000
frames for each of the 100 samples and therefore we'll specify here HP as that ion in size because that's
exactly this 256 number here which is not only the size of the ion Enbrel so the number of elements
in the output vector and you're going to see that by doing this well.
Output is now going to have the dimensions we're looking for.
So I'm going to execute this right.
I don't need to go back to on values we can just do it directly this way.
Here we go.
That's our new output.
Now let's see its new shape.
I'm going to execute this.
And here we go.
Now indeed it is a 2D tensor of remember 100 times 1000 elements.
One hundred thousand elements in total that's resulting from the merge of the two first dimensions here
the number of samples in the batch and the number of friends in the sequence length and of course we
kept these vectors of 256 elements for each of the 1000 frames of each of the 100 samples of the batch.
All right.
So now we get the right shape and now we can indeed do this matrix multiplication of the output which
is that X here in this x w plus b function you know computing the matrix multiplication of X by the
weights plus the biases because indeed now we can clearly see it the output has 256 columns and the
matrix of weights has 256 rows which allows this matrix multiplication of X times w output times output
W.
All right.
Perfect.
So maybe I'll specify somewhere in the course that it's probably better to refresh our memories of linear
algebra and specialty matrix multiplication but you'll have no problem finding some quick refresh on
line so I'm not too worried and therefore let's move on to the next step which is.
Well now that we have the right shapes of the output and the matrix of weights output W and the one
the tensor of bias is output B Well we are ready to make that matrix multiplication which will create
indeed that frame of the Indian output layer.
That extra hidden layer which will give us the possibility to get the stochastic prediction of the output
set.
All right so let's do this and therefore we're directly going to go here and we're going to take all
this just this so that we can get the right name of the function and now well we're just going to do
the saying we're going to modify the output again because basically what we've just done here you know
is not only to be able to do that matrix multiplication This is actually the input of the NDA and you
know it's like what is entering here in this part.
You know this is the hidden layer and it takes as input the deterministic outcome of the classic Ironman
which is exactly what we've obtained here and now.
Now the two have just got the input of the engine Well we're gonna get the hidden layer if you want
of the MGM which we're gonna get.
Thanks to that matrix multiplication of the outputs of the classic RNA which is the input of the MGM
multiplied by this matrix of weight output w plus this one the tensor of Baez's output.
And so as we said we're going to modify output again which will now become that hidden layer of the
MGM and this is now they have to paste what I've just copied in the tensor float documentation that's
close parenthesis and now let's input the arguments so let's see you know I don't know the tensor flow
functions by heart I always look at the documentation.
So this is like I'm coding something new with you.
So the first argument that it takes is X which is of course are output the output of the classic ion
which is also the input of the MGM.
So here we have to input of course first output good then it's going to be so easy.
The next argument is the weights and which is of course that output w matrix of weights which you've
created before in the iron in scope so pacing there right here and then of course very easily we're
going to input the last argument which is this one the tensor of biases when did tensor biases which
is of course well output B so this is going to be what comes after the plus output beat which of course
must have the same number of elements that we have here you know because this the number that we need
to have for the matrix multiplication but then this is what needs to be aligned with the biases.
So if we select this output being executed we should have indeed four hundred and eighty as number of
elements of this one unique dimension.
So this is all good.
This all makes sense mathematically to compute this and therefore now we have this hidden layer of the
engine that is this part exactly that we see right here at MGM by the hidden layer between the input
of the MGM which is the output of the classic iron and stochastic output or stochastic prediction of
Z which is our final output in which is what we're about to get right now and the way we're going to
get it is through another reshape because indeed if we execute this now well you're going to see that
the shape of the output has changed.
Here we go.
Now I'm going to select this and execute.
And now of course the shape of the output has changed from a to day tensor one hundred thousand rows
and 256 columns to add to the tensor of one hundred thousand rows and four hundred and eighty columns
of course because that results from the matrix multiplication to which we added the biases and now what
we're going to do to finish this is very similar to what we did here.
So I'm just going to copy this and right here just below I'm going to paste it.
And here we go.
So we're modifying again the output by taking the previous output which is this output here which is
the hidden layer of the NBN and that at this stage had a 2D tensor shape of hundred thousand rows and
480 columns.
And now we're about to reshape by just replacing this HP as that aren't in size by K mix times three
and we'll get that final stochastic output of the engine Arnon but then we'll get the MTM coefficients
in the next story.
But before we get to it well let's execute this again to you know have a final look at what we've created.
You know that final shape of the output.
Here we go executing this and now I'm going to select this execute it and indeed we have created this
2D sensor of the output with all these number of rows each one getting the number of mixtures times
the number of actions that is five times three 15 and that's exactly the shape that is expected in the
full world model in that specific engine or in in part.
So that's why I wanted to show you this.
This is exactly the shape that we need for the full world model.
And now just before we move on to the next sartorial let's keep in an object void will that last date
which was returned to us by the dynamic on end function.
We're going to put that in the final object variable which we're going to call self that final state
and that will be equal to of course last date.
And now we can move on to the next material to compute the Indian coefficients and we'll do that inside
a function.
Until then enjoy a.